[feature] ntfs2gtfs: possibility to write gtfs extended route type (#841)
CanalTP/transit_model: documentation/ntfs_to_gtfs_specs.md

| Train                        | 2                      | 100                      | 3                     | 7              |
| BusRapidTransit              | 3                      | 700                      | 7                     | 8              |
| Bus                          | 3                      | 700                      | 7                     | 9              |
| Coach                        | 3                      | 200                      | 7                     | 10             |
| Boat                         | 4                      | 1200                     | 2                     | 11             |
| Ferry                        | 4                      | 1200                     | 2                     | 12             |
| Funicular                    | 7                      | 1400                     | 6                     | 13             |
| Shuttle                      | 7                      | 1400                     | 6                     | 14             |
| SuspendedCableCar            | 6                      | 1300                     | 7                     | 15             |

> | Air                          | 3                      | 1100                     | 1                     | 16             |
> | Taxi                         | 3                      | 1500                     | 7                     | 17             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Air                          | X                      | 1100                     | 1                     | 16             |
| Taxi                         | X                      | 1500                     | 7                     | 17             |
```

> The physical_modes Air and Taxi are not available in standard GTFS `route_type`s (this is not valid for extended route_type) and should be considered as unknown for the GTFS (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `physical_modes` Air and Taxi are not available in standard GTFS `route_type`s and should be considered as unknown for the GTFS (see below).
However, these `physical_modes` are available in extended mode.
```
To avoid the double negative
